Upgrade fun-apps to v5.7.0 and add settings for course run synchronization with richie (#273)
openfun/openedx-docker: releases/dogwood/3/fun/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [dogwood.3-fun-1.18.0] - 2021-01-06

### Added

- Upgrade fun-apps to v5.7.0 to allow synchronizing course runs with richie

### Fixed

> - Force Django old-release de-installation due to recent changes in the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Force Django old-release uninstallation due to recent changes in the new
```

Author: Makes sense :+1:
